separate deploy scripts (#37)
Poseidon-ZKP/zkvote-contract: README.md

$ yarn hardhat node
```

> Deploy the contracts and write the configuration to a file `nouns.config.json`, `zkv.config.json`, `dkg.config.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the contracts and write the configuration to files `nouns.config.json`, `zkv.config.json`, `dkg.config.json`.
```

> This file is read by later commands to connect to the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are read by later commands to connect to the contract.
```
